Charlotte I would like to endorse you to
be the next president of the United
States oh my god you've been a great
Secretary of State which state again all
of them I kind of know her it's like
kind of known a mermaid do you tell
people that you're Tyson remember who I
am
secretary field would like to speak with
you with me I can't shake this feeling
that we know each other we do we do
picture me I guess maybe like 20 years
younger but like this Barsky yeah what
are you doing these days
I'm a journalist you're a great writer
but sometimes you're a little too much
I'm the perfect right portion really
nice to see you again okay you boys you
may just call me a cracker what is the
relationship exactly it's to babysit for
them you babysat for him Wow time has
not been kind
I need some writers to punch up my
speeches that's writing is really good
and he knows me oh I feel so scared
I know the right better for you I should
kind of get to know you better and if
you have a minute I'm actually up seven
seven minutes in heaven
what is your pretty red book as a kid
The Velveteen Rabbit fair John must have
been loved by rocks most embarrassing
moment you know
what's your favorite sexual position
normal facing what's your favorite
sexual position
don't be gross right do a date I mean
who wants to follow me around the world
and hope I have five minutes to be
affectionate yeah we actually did almost
die we need to move you Thank You agent
M it's pretty woman mushi's Richard Gere
and yours Julia Roberts honestly this
has been the best few weeks of my entire
life constituents how they would feel if
Kate Middleton say we're going with us
were to start dating Danny DeVito pretty
negative reaction
but last time you got doctors what's
happened
[Music]